Skip to content
Digital
About
Search
🍪 We use cookies to ensure you have the best experience - see our policy
Reject all
Allow all

Styleguide secondary navigation

Introduction
Get Started
Foundations
Accesibility - A11y
Design tokens
Typography
Colors
Overview
Base colors palette
Usage
Accessibility
Resources
Iconography
Layout
Radii
Shadows
RTL directionality
Components
Actions
Containment
Fields
ASSETS
INTERNATIONAL
Main colors
Semantic meaning
Foundations
Colors
Ready

We have 56 color variables, in 6 main hues and their shades, to use in our products for design flexibility while maintaining brand consistency.

Overview
Base colors palette
Usage
Accessibility
Resources
Main colors

Our approach to defining colors is based on a core palette consisting of 6 colors. These colors are utilized to generate the values for all color variants palettes, which are designed to maintain accessibility while effectively conveying our brand's personality. This method is known as semantic colors.

With semantic colors, we have the flexibility to update colors easily, ensure visual consistency across our products.

primary
#0089E3
rgb(0, 137, 227)
accent
#6F41D7
rgb(111, 65, 215)
danger
#EB0052
rgb(235, 0, 82)
warning
#FF8C00
rgb(255, 140, 0)
success
#24A865
rgb(36, 168, 101)
neutral
#536B75
rgb(83, 107, 117)
Semantic meaning

Semantic is attributed to colors in our design system, with each color carrying a specific significance based on its function within the interface. The role of a color determines its usage and defines its variants, making customization and modification easier.

Naming patterns are utilized in design tools to identify variants and reference their usage, and color role. By following these naming conventions, designers can easily identify and utilize the appropriate color variants for their designs. Alias token list

Use

	

Role




Text

	

Text colors are applied to titles, paragraphs, or icons, and can be used to prioritize contents with main and primary colors. They can also indicate that contents are interactive with the action color, or that content is selected/unselected, with active and disabled colors.

When using these colors, it's essential to consider accessibility.




Background

	

The background color is typically located behind the content and used to prioritize elements with primary, subtles, and accent. It can also be used to express our brand identity or highlight elements with the brand and accent colors.




Border

	

Border colors are applied on or around background colors and used to box elements prioritized with main and primary colors. They can also be used to give specific meanings like selection, success, error, etc.

©2024 - Fever